README.md, before:

Simplify
========

Simplify is a “simple” texture pack for Minecraft.

This is my first (and so far only) texture pack. It is a “simple” pack (thus the name), featuring basic recurring shapes and color palettes, and shaded edges to help tell adjacent blocks apart. It is similar to [Tiny Pixels][] or [BoxCraft][], but I made it myself, using only the default textures as a starting point.

[Tiny Pixels]: http://www.minecrafttexturepacks.com/tiny-pixels/ (MinecraftTexturePacks.com: Tiny Pixels)
[BoxCraft]: http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/381855-16x110-boxcraft-v4-over-28000-downloads/ (Minecraft Forum: BoxCraft)

License
=======

Simplify is licensed [CC BY-SA 3.0][].

[CC BY-SA 3.0]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ (Creative Commons: BY-SA 3.0)

Download
========

If you download the texture pack as a zip, you can put the file in the texture packs folder and it will work.

You can also clone the repository.

Finally, here are some mirrors (AdF.ly supported): [Mirror 1][FenuSrv] • [Mirror 2][Dropbox]

[FenuSrv]: http://adf.ly/CVaNk (AdF.ly: FenuSrv: Simplify)
[Dropbox]: http://adf.ly/CdDBh (AdF.ly: Dropbox: Fenhl: Simplify)

Commit message:

Copy more info from the forum thread to the readme
On updates (slight change for GitHub), and link to screenshots

README.md, after:

Simplify
========

Simplify is a “simple” texture pack for Minecraft.

This is my first (and so far only) texture pack. It is a “simple” pack (thus the name), featuring basic recurring shapes and color palettes, and shaded edges to help tell adjacent blocks apart. It is similar to [Tiny Pixels][] or [BoxCraft][], but I made it myself, using only the default textures as a starting point.

[Tiny Pixels]: http://www.minecrafttexturepacks.com/tiny-pixels/ (MinecraftTexturePacks.com: Tiny Pixels)
[BoxCraft]: http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/381855-16x110-boxcraft-v4-over-28000-downloads/ (Minecraft Forum: BoxCraft)

This texture pack should update whenever Minecraft updates, so if its version number doesn't match that of the latest minecraft release, feel free to submit an issue.

There are some [screenshots][].

[screenshots]: http://fenhl.net/mc/simplify (FenuSrv: Simplify: Screenshots)

License
=======

Simplify is licensed [CC BY-SA 3.0][].

[CC BY-SA 3.0]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ (Creative Commons: BY-SA 3.0)

Download
========

If you download the texture pack as a zip, you can put the file in the texture packs folder and it will work.

You can also clone the repository.

Finally, here are some mirrors (AdF.ly supported): [Mirror 1][FenuSrv] • [Mirror 2][Dropbox]

[FenuSrv]: http://adf.ly/CVaNk (AdF.ly: FenuSrv: Simplify)
[Dropbox]: http://adf.ly/CdDBh (AdF.ly: Dropbox: Fenhl: Simplify)
